Add documentation about the new Serve dashboard features (#33889)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/ray-dashboard.rst

You can expand the table to see a list of each task, actor, and placement group.

.. _dash-serve-view:

Serve View

> ---------

Reviewer: The length of `-` should match the sentence

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/new-dashboard-v2/serve.png
    :align: center

> The Serve view lets you monitor the status of your :ref:`Ray Serve <rayserve>` applications. A Serve application can be deployed using the `serve deploy` CLI command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Serve view lets you monitor the status of your :ref:`Ray Serve <rayserve>` applications.
```

Reviewer 2: leave this to the relevant pages, otherwise it'll just get out of sync...

> The initial page showcases your general Serve configurations, a list of all your Serve applications, and, if you have :ref:`metrics <ray-metrics>` configured, some high-level

Reviewer 2: why is this "if" you have metrics configured? metrics should work out of the box right?

or is this about setting up grafana on the head node? maybe we can make the wording a little more precise here.

> The initial page showcases your general Serve configurations, a list of all your Serve applications, and, if you have :ref:`metrics <ray-metrics>` configured, some high-level

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The initial page shows the general Serve configurations, a list of Serve applications, and, if :ref:`metrics <ray-metrics>` is configured, some high-level
```

> metrics of all your Serve applications. You can click the name of a Serve applications to enter the Serve Application Detail Page.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
metrics of all your Serve applications. You can click the name of a Serve application to enter the Serve Application Detail Page.
```

> metrics of all your Serve applications. You can click the name of a Serve application to enter the Serve Application Detail Page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
metrics of the Serve applications. Clicking the name of a Serve application goes to the Serve Application Detail Page.
```

Serve Application Detail Page
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/new-dashboard-v2/dashboard-pics/serve-application.png
    :align: center

> This page shows configurations and metadata of your Serve application. It also has a list of :ref:`Serve deployments and replicas <serve-key-concepts-deployment>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This page shows configurations and metadata of your Serve application. It also lists the :ref:`Serve deployments and replicas <serve-key-concepts-deployment>`.
```

> You can click the expand button next to a deployment to see all the replicas in that deployment.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Click the expand button of a deployment to see all the replicas in that deployment.
```

> For each deployment, there are two available actions. You can view the Deployment config and, if you have :ref:`metrics <ray-metrics>` configured, you open

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For each deployment, there are two available actions. You can view the Deployment config and, if you have :ref:`metrics <ray-metrics>` configured, you can open
```

> a Grafana dashboard with detailed metrics about that Replica.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
a Grafana dashboard with detailed metrics about that replica.
```

> For each replica, there are two available actions. You can see the logs of that replica and, if you have :ref:`metrics <ray-metrics>` configured, you open

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For each replica, there are two available actions. You can see the logs of that replica and, if you configured  :ref:`metrics <ray-metrics>`, you can open
```

> a Grafana dashboard with detailed metrics about that Replica. You can click on the replica name to enter the Serve Replica Detail Page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
a Grafana dashboard with detailed metrics about that replica. Click on the replica name to enter the Serve Replica Detail Page.
```

Serve Replica Detail Page
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/new-dashboard-v2/dashboard-pics/serve-replica.png
    :align: center

> This page shows metadata about the Serve replica, high level metrics about the replica if you have :ref:`metrics <ray-metrics>` configured, and

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This page shows metadata about the Serve replica, high-level metrics about the replica if you have :ref:`metrics <ray-metrics>` configured, and
```

> This page shows metadata about the Serve replica, high-level metrics about the replica if you have :ref:`metrics <ray-metrics>` configured, and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This page shows metadata about the Serve replica, high-level metrics about the replica if you configured :ref:`metrics <ray-metrics>`, and
```

> a history of :ref:`tasks <core-key-concepts>` that ran on that replica.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
a history of completed :ref:`tasks <core-key-concepts>`.
```

> Serve metrics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Serve Metrics
```
keep consistent with above

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/new-dashboard-v2/dashboard-pics/serve-metrics.png
    :align: center

Ray serve exports various useful time-series metrics to understand the status of your Serve application over time. More details of these metrics can be found :ref:`here <serve-production-monitoring-metrics>`.
In order to store and visualize these metrics, you must set up Prometheus and Grafana by following the instructions :ref:`here <ray-metrics>`.

These metrics are available in the Ray dashboard in the Serve page and the Serve Replica Detail page. They are also accessible as Grafana dashboards.

> Within the Grafana dashboard, you can use the dropdown filters on the top to filter metrics by Route, by Deployment, or by Replica. Exact descriptions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within the Grafana dashboard, you can use the dropdown filters on the top to filter metrics by route, deployment, or replica. Exact descriptions
```

> of each graph are provided by hovering over the "info" icon on the top left of each graph.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
of each graph are available by hovering over the "info" icon on the top left of each graph.
```
